well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so the president would like to create a
patriotic education program
and i think we need to talk about that
um not just for all the obvious reasons
that people
should have some reservations about this
idea
but because it's a faulty premise
actually can't be done
not really when i open and close tonight
with quotes from thomas paine he was the
spiritual and philosophical founder of
the revolution the american revolution
he wrote a pamphlet called common sense
and it was read everywhere it was read
aloud in churches
taverns really solidified
the spirit of rebellion in the country
there are many who would say
that without him without his writings
being present
at that time the american revolution
would have happened
not then
he gave people something to believe in
laid out the philosophy
gave him something to rally around
one of the things that he said what he
wrote
these are the times that try men's souls
the summer soldier and the sunshine
patriot
will in this time of crisis shrink
from service of their country he wrote
that in 1776.
george washington said every post is
honorable
in which a man can serve his country
he wrote that in a letter to benedict
arnold back when he was good guy
september 14 1775.
i only regret that i have but one life
to lose for my country
that's attributed to nathan hale
september 22nd 1776.
give me liberty or give me death
patrick henry march 23 1775
these are american patriots
these are the people that trump's little
re-education program
would certainly try to lay claim to
however is he justified doing that
is the u.s government justified in
laying claim
to these people in these passages in
particular
see they were patriots no doubt no doubt
but they were american patriots in the
truest sense of the term
they were patriots before july 2 1776
when independence was declared
they uh they held no loyalty
to the u.s as we know it not when these
passages were set
the constitution wasn't even written
until much much later
when they said country they meant
something else
because they were real patriots and as
real patriots they tried to correct
their government
it's what royal patriots do because
government is a child of the people
prior to independence being declared
they were trying to correct the king
all that stuff in the lead up to
independence being declared
they were already patriots they had to
be a patriot just to show up to the
meeting
by patriotism i mean devotion to a
particular place
and a particular way of life which one
believes to be the best in the world but
has no wish to force on other people
patriotism is of its nature defensive
both militarily and culturally
nationalism on the other hand is
inseparable
from the desire for power the abiding
purpose of every nationalist
is to secure more power and more
prestige not for himself
but for the nation or other unit in
which he has chosen to sink his own
individuality george orwell
patriotism is loyalty to a place
and a way of life if that way of life
is faulty if it is not living up to the
promises
patriots will attempt to correct it
that's patriotism
if you want people to be patriotic well
they have to have a way of life they
want to defend
because patriotism is defensive
you can't teach patriotism
it has to be earned
classes designed to indoctrinate
children
in mythology breeds nationalism
not patriotism
those two things are diametrically
opposed
this will not succeed in creating
patriots
because patriots by their very nature
have to question their government
question the things that it's doing if
they are taught the mythology
that america is always making the right
choices and that everything's great
they can't do that
any program designed to teach patriotism
will fail if you want to create patriots
you have to give them a place and a way
of life
they're willing to defend that's what
creates patriots
not lies not fairy tales
not mythology because this program is
certainly not going to teach american
history
if you want to teach history you have to
teach the bad parts too and in the
united states
there are volumes of it
we haven't even lived up to the promises
in the declaration of independence
and the constitution the promises set
out by thomas paine
we haven't even lived up to what he said
we should do
before we said we were great
he said that uh when it can be said by
any country
in the world my poor are happy
neither ignorance nor distress is to be
found among them
my gels are empty of prisoners my
streets of beggars
the aged are not in want the taxes are
not oppressive
the rational world is my friend because
i am the friend of happiness
when these things can be said then may
that country boast its constitution
and government independence is my
happiness the world is my country
and my religion is to do good thomas
paine that's how you make america great
not with fairy tales
just because you say something over and
over again and people believe it
doesn't mean that it's true if you want
to live up to the promises
of these patriots that you so
desperately want to claim
as your spiritual ancestors live up to
their promises
live up to their ideas embody it
question the government patriots do not
obey no matter what that's nationalists
patriots owe their allegiance to a place
and a way of life if the way of life is
wrong
they will attempt to correct it
if it's right they'll defend it you want
to create patriots
make america great and that's how you do
it
that was what moved people this guy
his words cemented the spirit of
rebellion
that's our standard that's what we
should be trying to live up to
not just fairy tales for kids
the president's program is doomed to
fail
and generally when a country decides to
rest
on its laurels and not improve itself
the country fails our goals are pretty
clear
anyway it's just a thought
y'all have a good night